[Music]
Very good my dearest love from
the heart well sad news sad
news and it is that according to what has just come out
in various media outlets and
the images just came out on the
Ana Rosa program Olga Moreno has
put up a sign this morning in her
store closed due to illness and today they are not
opening Olga is not working today she opens the
store for us journalists have been
running after her recording it and
such and the truth is that her face looked really
bad her face was really
swollen today and I have the impression that she started
crying I have the
feeling that things are looking bad that
things smell really bad
sincerely I have already said it I have always
thought that the best thing would be
a crisis or whatever but
between them things were going more or
less well it is worth having a good
relationship and whatever well hanging around being
upset in the last few hours the
heat has set in the last few
hours is what I believe is what I
intuit but well as it comes from who
comes the information as I have told you in
the  another video I put it a little in
quarantine also okay but it is
true that the face that was seen this
morning Olga was not a face it was not
a calm face it was a face
that gives me the impression that her
eyes were swollen from having cried and
even closed due to illness not like I
think she's been through the heat of
the last few hours and that she's in a
bad way from here we send her a
huge hug from the heart and nothing told her a
story urge that it was like a
poetic phrase of these not the typical phrase
downloaded from the internet
and it said something like you have to turn the
page I would like to turn the page you have to
turn the pages with the things that
hurt you and it could fit it could
easily fit that it was leaked on
the front page that was going to come out this morning
in reading you know that the front page is
normally closed on Mondays at the end
of Monday and that she already knew
last night what was going to be published today no I'm
telling you things right now are
looking bad they're looking bad also Marta Riesgo
has confirmed on Ana
Rosa's program through Antonio Rossi that it is not  you
can deny the undeniable that's what she
said in a pink tone so it looks
bad the truth is it looks bad because it also
seems that it seems that Olga Santer
speaks in the last hours and that no that
was not the thing what catches her by
surprise let's say that she did not expect it that it
was not the thing as she
planned so well I will
inform you as
things go Antonio David at the moment does
not appear nor confirms nor denies nor
says anything I think that he should
I think that he should speak out if he
has his YouTube channel besides that is what it is for to
speak out so in my
opinion he should start to open live and
say something okay
and maybe even take the sting out of the
matter because I have already said
maybe coming from who it comes from things may not be
as they are looking
right now things look bad but then
maybe the reality is different so well
the truth is that it has left me bad
we have left a little more soul the
feeling seeing Olga Moreno this morning
the face she had but well she has also been through a
lot so we
don't know we can't draw conclusions
still but well what do you think
families the comment box will be ready
and we will see you in the next
news
[Music]
and